[Music]
[Applause]
what has happened in the world that
normal now passes as excellence when did
we lower our standards yes we are living
in an environment where people are blind
what you don't see you don't know
out of sight out of mind
something bad
a husband's aren't coming back
Ronna
[Music]
there's no a lot of money and now people
want it from us
now the best thing we have going for is
is being who we are why because no one
thinks we have the balls to pull this
off
we've in this world got sit down on your
knees
if this whole thing goes wrong I want my
kids to know that I didn't just sit
there and take it
I did something
in this city read what you saw
let's hope so
[Music]
[Applause]